Snow Pride
Compared to what you've done to me
The price is not worth mentioning
What do you want?
Disappeared from my sight immediately
Chen Fang, why are you so amazing every time?
I wonder if you can see the future?
Thank you so much, the school can finally be packed
Don't worry, Mr. Sun.
So I'll fund 1 million our school tomorrow
Renovate it.
Okay, good this time.
Thanks to your clue
Is this site preserved?
Protection of cultural relics
Everyone is responsible
What!
There is a coal mine under the wasteland bought by Chengfeng
Liu Yaoyang
The land bought by Chengfeng has now been doubled more than ten times
3 million became 30 million
How about you, otherwise all the millions will be at the level
You come
Bitch, so much is right
Who the hell are you arguing with?